CURA-13205 changelog 5.14 alpha (#21665)
Ultimaker/Cura: resources/texts/change_log.txt

[5.14]

* New features and improvements:
- Experimental support for Cura on Windows ARM platforms

> - Introduced option to paint on the model to indicate preferred and blocked areas for support placement

Reviewer: Just a proposal that I think flows better (the sentence is fine as-is as well though) -- otherwise the actual subject of the sentence (support placement) is all the way at the end.

```suggestion
- Introduced support-painting; paint on the model to indicate where support should and shouldn't be placed
```

Should this also be 2nd fiddle w.r.t. the Win-ARM support? -- I genuinely don't know, they both seem like potentially important things.

- Custom GCode parts are now processed in the engine, to ensure that all the variables have the most accurate value
- End-of-print GCode variables are now processed in the engine, to ensure that more accurate values are inserted, contributed by @wawanbreton
- Dialogs that were previously created at application boot are now created only when necessary, which saves some boot time and memory
- Discard top and bottom surfaces when their settings are identical to skin settings, which avoids printing them separately

> _ Discard very thin infill areas that are printed within skin and disrupts the flow

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Discard very thin infill areas that are printed within skin and disrupts the flow
```

Reviewer 2: 😛 🐈‍⬛

- Improve positioning of models when loading multiple models from a non-project 3MF file
- Improved the OpenGL shaders compatibility, contributed by @hellAholic

* New Settings:
- Introduced Top/Bottom/Skin Merge Distance, which allows merging those areas together wen they are too small to be printed correctly
- Introduced Minimum Infill Line Length, which allows removing unnecessary lines of infill added in small areas

* Bug fixes:

> - Fixed the most common sources of slicing crashes that are resolved by moving the model on the build plate

Reviewer: `... that are resolved ...` makes it sound like they're still an issue (also 'resolved' is a bit of an overstatement for what was a workaround 😉).

```suggestion
- Fixed the most common sources of slicing crashes (those that would have to be worked around by moving the model on the build plate)
```

- Removed an unnecessary and long travel move added when printing supported floating models

> - Fixed an issue where top and bottom surfaces could be generated although they were disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where top and bottom surfaces could be generated, although they were disabled
```

> - Fixed the print temperature command of the initial layer when using zigzag pattern, contributed by @hellAholic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the print temperature command of the initial layer when using the 'zigzag' pattern, contributed by @hellAholic
```
